Test suite Materiallogindemo_LoginPage
	TestCase 1: Log in with nothing filled
		Steps:Clear out the user and pass fields. Press login
		Expectation: User is notified that there is no valid email and no password enterd
	TestCase2: Log in with invalid email
		Steps, Enter an invalid email adress(anything that isnt text@moretext.domain)
		Expectation: User is notified that email is not valid
	TestCase3: Log in with valid email but no pass
		Steps: Enter valid email, without password
		Expectation: User is notified to enter a password
	Testcase4: Log in with valid email and pass, that hasn't been registerd
		Steps: Enter "Notreal@fake.com" as user and "1234abcd" as pass
		Expectation: User is notified authentication failed
	TestCase5: Log in with pass to short
		Steps:Enter "Notreal@fake.com" as user and "123" as pass
		Expectation: User is notified that pass needs to be between 4-10 alpha-numeric characters
	Testcase6: Log in with pass too long
		Steps:Enter "Notreal@fake.com" as user and "1234567890a" as pass
		Expectation: User is notified that pass needs to be between 4-10 alpha-numeric characters
	Testcase7: Log in with pass with non alpha numberic
		Steps: Enter "Notreal@fake.com" as user and "1234abcd!" as pass
		Expectation: User is notified that pass needs to be between 4-10 alpha-numeric character
	testcase 7a-?
		repeat 7 with all keyboard enterable non-alphanumeric chars
	TestCase 8: Log in with Non English Alpha numeric chars
		Steps, test use of non english chars in both email and pass, per language app supports
	Testcase 9: Log in with registered user
		Precondition: add "Register@user.com" to the database with password "1234abcd"(TODO:Research how are passwords stored? Develope User data protection tests?)
		Steps: Enter "Register@user.com" as user and "1234abcd" as password. Press login
		Expectation": User is taken to login page
	TestCase 10: Log in with registerd user and bad pass
		Precondition: add "Register@user.com" to the database with password "1234abcd"
		Steps: Enter "Register@user.com" as user and "1234a" as password. Press login
		Expectation: User is informed auth fails. 
	Testcase 11: Pressing back closes app
		Steps: Press back to close keyboard. Pressing again closes app
	Testcase 12:Integration with password managers?
		Steps: get list of popular password managers. See if they can save passwords and if they can inject into app.
	Test case 13: Clicking text entry fields brings up keyboard
	Test case 14:stress test clicking
		Steps, click around the app checkig for crashes or unexpected behavior
		Run monkey excerciser
	Test case 15: Pressing login multiple times with invalid data will not clear fields or produce unexpect results
		Steps, enter invalid credntials. Press login a few dozen times. 
		Expectations, notficiations keep popping up but nothing else happens.
	Test Case 16: Pressing login multipe times with valid data will login once and not send multiple requests to server
	Test case 17: Clicking on email and pass notifications will display messages
	Test case 18: Click on no account yet will take user to registration page
	Test case 19: Clicking on No account yet with credentials entered will take user to registraion page and pre-fill those fields


Test suite Materiallogindemo_RegistrationPage
	TestCase 1: Register with nothing filled
		Steps:Clear out the user and pass fields. Press login
		Expectation: User is notified that there is no valid email and no password enterd
	TestCase2:Register with invalid email
		Steps, Enter an invalid email adress(anything that isnt text@moretext.domain)
		Expectation: User is notified that email is not valid
	TestCase3: Register with valid email but no pass
		Steps: Enter valid email, without password
		Expectation: User is notified to enter a password
	Testcase4: Register with pass to short
		Steps:Enter "Notreal@fake.com" as user and "123" as pass
		Expectation: User is notified that pass needs to be between 4-10 alpha-numeric characters
	Testcase5: register with with pass too long
		Steps:Enter "Notreal@fake.com" as user and "1234567890a" as pass
		Expectation: User is notified that pass needs to be between 4-10 alpha-numeric characters
	Testcase6: register with pass with non alpha numberic
		Steps: Enter "Notreal@fake.com" as user and "1234abcd!" as pass
		Expectation: User is notified that pass needs to be between 4-10 alpha-numeric character
	testcase 6a-?
		repeat 6 with all keyboard enterable non-alphanumeric chars
	TestCase 7: register with Non English Alpha numeric chars
		Steps, test use of non english chars in both email and pass, per language app supports
	Testcase 7: Register with no name
Steps: Enter valid info except name
Expectation: Told to enter name
TestCase8: Register with no address
Steps:enter valid info except address  
Expecitation: told to enter address
	Testcase 9: Register with passwords that don’t mathc
		Steps enter valid info but non matching passwords
		Expectation told to enter matching passwords
	Test case 10 register with invalid phone
		Steps:enter valid info except phone
Expecitation: told to enter valid phone
	Test case 11:  Pressing back closes opens login screen
		Steps: Press back to close keyboard. Pressing returns to login screen
Test case 12: Clicking text entry fields brings up keyboard
	Test case 13:stress test clicking
		Steps, click around the app checkig for crashes or unexpected behavior
		Run monkey excerciser
	Test case 14: Pressing create account multiple times with will not register multiple accounts
		Steps, enter invalid credntials. Press login a few dozen times. 
		Expectations, notficiations keep popping up but nothing else happens.
	Test Case 15: registering with valid data will log you in
